Permanent

Digital Engagement Center Manager Europe/NATO
Business Development

Brussels

About the Role

As corporate representative the role supports the development of Lockheed Martin corporate engagement, business development and strategy for NATO, the EU and the wider European regoin. The role serves as an ambassador for Lockheed Martin’s mission-driven digital transformation, and promotes the reshaping operations and business processes to better serve our customers in the Europe.

As a key player in our organization, you will engage with relevant internal and external stakeholders to develop and deliver immersive mission engagements, disruptive technology solutions and services to our customers while enabling Lockheed Martin to strengthen and grow its customer relationships.

You will be overseeing the day to day management of the Lockheed Martin Digital Engagement Center in Brussels. The Center is a customer-focused mission demonstration environments that enables the telling of highly visual, captivating stories using interactive visual exploration technologies and provide customized experiences for our customers. Each location provides interconnected collaboration spaces and enable digital program reviews, war gaming, operational analysis and capability planning.

A background in the defense industry, military, or government (incl. NATO or EU) is an advantage. Relevant experience related to multi-domain operations, operational analysis and wargaming is valued.

Responsibilities:
Oversee and manage the Digital Engagement Center in Brussels, ensuring alignment with Lockheed Martin's global digital strategy.
Organize regular internal and external engagement events on various topics in support of LM activities and interests with NATO, the EU and national customers in the European region.
Stay informed about the latest digital tools and platforms, and recommend their integration into our engagement strategies.
Monitor industry trends, competitor analysis, and customer feedback to identify opportunities for innovation and stay ahead of the competition.
Build relationships and engage internal stakeholders in the business areas and corporate functions to gather inputs for future engagements, events, and demonstrations.
Collaborate with Lockheed Martin field offices to gather inputs for events and engagements, ensuring that digital solutions align with local needs and priorities.
Provide regular reports and insights on digital engagement performance to senior management.

 

Required skills, qualifications and experience

Demonstrated relevant experience (minimum 5 years) on digital technologies, customer relationship management, or a related field.
Demonstrated relevant experience on military affairs within NATO, the EU or a national level.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills and experience in working with a wide range of stakeholders.
Strong organizational skills.
Fluency in English; knowledge of additional European languages is a plus.
Eligible to work in the European Union.

Job Reference Number16356BR
Employee Type

Full Time

Hours Per Week38
Working Schedule

Standard Hours

CountryBelgium
Clearance Required for Role

EMEA Verification Check

Graduate, Intern or Apprentice Vacancy?No
Business Environment

Lockheed Martin’s International Corporate and Enterprise Business Services (EBS) units, consists of Business Development, IT Services, Payroll, ESH, HR and Finance functions that support the business across the whole of the EMEA region. With employees located throughout the UK, Europe and Middle East, LM Corporate and EBS provide EMEA wide support to all the LM International business areas.

Equal Opportunity Statement

Lockheed Martin recognises and actively promotes the benefits of a diverse workforce and is committed to treating all employees with dignity and respect regardless of race, gender, disability, age, sexual orientation, religion or belief. Discrimination on any of these grounds is expressly forbidden. We therefore welcome applications from all sections of the community.

Job Expires13/02/2026