Title: Vice President of FP&A
Full job description
Extraordinary opportunity. Exceptional experience.

Sometimes in life, you find yourself in the right place, at the right time, looking at an opportunity so extraordinary it cannot be ignored. At Trucordia, our company is built on wildly successful businesses in our communities across the country, and now we’ve come together to create the next great insurance brokerage. We offer an unrivaled combination of people, tools and solutions, and deliver exceptional experiences and unrivaled opportunities for our employees, clients and stakeholders.

We celebrate both individual successes and collective accomplishments, making sure the industry recognizes the remarkable company we’re building together, as well as the impact we’re having on our clients and communities. Ranked as one of the fastest-growing companies in the U.S. for three consecutive years, we have more than 5,000 team members in 200 offices across the country, who actively, genuinely care about our clients, each other and the quality of our work, and in every interaction, represent a company that people want to work for and do business with.

Trucordia Values

1. We actively, genuinely CARE about our clients, each other and the quality of our work, and in every interaction, represent a company that people want to work for and do business with.

2. We COLLABORATE continuously because, together, we are more powerful and make amazing things happen for our clients and company.

3. We LEAD with intelligence, hunger, curiosity, energy and a future-focused attitude of “what’s next”?

4. We are RESULT-ORIENTED, growth-focused and driven to out-perform expectations of what an insurance brokerage can achieve.

5. We CELEBRATE both individual successes and collective accomplishments, making sure the industry recognizes the remarkable company we’re building together, as well as the impact we’re having on our clients and communities.

Job Summary:
As the Vice President of FP&A, you will play a pivotal role in shaping and enhancing the financial planning and analysis functions within our organization. The VP of FP&A requires a strategic thinker with a strong background in financial analysis, budgeting, and forecasting, coupled with a focus on designing and implementing efficient and effective FP&A processes. The successful candidate will collaborate with cross-functional teams to drive improvements, streamline workflows, and enhance decision-making capabilities.

Duties and Responsibilities:
Leads Platform Financial directors in managing platform performance and ensuring growth targets are met
Develops annual Trucordia budget; including producing financial modeling around budget scenarios and analysis
Develops monthly forecast update; develops and maintains reporting package and tracks key KPI’s to drive company performance.
Develops and maintains dashboard and KPIs for agencies, Trudordia executive team, the Board of Directors, and lenders.
Manage corporate FP&A team around IT, Marketing, Legal etc. to manage cost and performance
Ad hoc financial modeling around projects and M&A transactions.
Lead and develop a high-performing FP&A team, fostering a culture of collaboration, innovation, and continuous improvement.
Provide mentorship and guidance to team members, promoting professional growth and development.
Strong understanding of challenges facing the organization beyond their own department.
Qualifications:
BA/BS in Finance, Accounting or Business
MBA preferred
7-10 years of work experience in a challenging and deadline-oriented environment
2-3 years of supervisory experience
Experience with NetSuite, Adaptive Insights, and a mainstream business intelligence platform (e.g. Tableau, Domo) preferred
Experience with an insurance broker preferred
Proficient with Microsoft Office tools, including advanced Excel skills
Benefits:
Medical, Dental, Vision
Life Insurance
AD&D
FSA / HSA
Commuter & Child Care FSA
Cancer Support Benefits
Pet Insurance
Accident & Critical Illness
Hospital Indemnity
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
11 Paid Holidays
Flexible PTO
401K
Location: Fully Remote or Hybrid - 2745 W 600 N Lindon, Utah 84042
Compensation: commensurate on experience

#LI-DNI
Trucordia is an equal opportunity employer. We believe that every employee has the right to work in an environment that is free from all forms of discrimination. It is our policy that all decisions involving any aspect of the employment relationship such as hiring, compensation and training, promotions, transfers, discipline and termination will be based on merit, qualifications and abilities. Such decisions will be made without regard to age, ancestry, color, race, national origin, disability, protected medical condition, genetic information, military service, veteran status, citizenship status, religion, creed, sex, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, pregnancy, childbirth, marital status or any other condition, characteristic or activity protected by law. Discrimination based on any of these factors is contrary to our operating philosophy.

Attention Recruitment Agencies: Trucordia does not accept unsolicited resumes from any agencies that have not signed a mutual service agreement. All unsolicited resumes will be considered property of Trucordia, and we will not be obligated to pay a referral fee. This includes resumes submitted directly to hiring managers without contacting Trucordia’s Talent Acquisition Department.

Trucordia is an equal opportunity employer. We believe that every employee has the right to work in an environment that is free from all forms of discrimination. It is our policy that all decisions involving any aspect of the employment relationship such as hiring, compensation and training, promotions, transfers, discipline, and termination will be based on merit, qualifications, and abilities. Such decisions will be made without regard to age, ancestry, color, race, national origin, disability, protected medical condition, genetic information, military service, veteran status, citizenship status, religion, creed, sex, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, pregnancy, childbirth, marital status, or any other condition, characteristic or activity protected by law. Discrimination based on any of these factors is contrary to our operating philosophy.

Attention Recruitment Agencies: Trucordia does not accept unsolicited resumes from any agencies that have not signed a mutual service agreement. All unsolicited resumes will be considered property of Trucordia, and we will not be obligated to pay a referral fee. This includes resumes submitted directly to hiring managers without contacting Trucordia's Talent Acquisition Department.
&nbsp;
If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process.